hey guys so I thought I would do a quick
tutorial on my favorite green smokey
look I like to wear when I go out so
this is it pretty simple it takes me
less than five minutes to do but you
know I've gotten down pretty much the
habit of doing it so anyway I use the
Urban Decay box of Shadows 3 I think
this one is it's just called the urban
decay in new york city but i'm pretty
sure it's bajo shadows three the new one
that just came out it's for as one was
out last year so they are um
unfortunately don't make it anymore but
I love the colors that are in here and
the three colors that I use are the ones
up at the top lush or kush I'm sorry of
cou sure her visit money and loaded so
these one two and three this one's like
a gray more like a gray green but it's
like super pretty that's the one that's
all over lid and this the way I do my
eye makeup is just for hooded eyes
obviously you can use these three colors
if you don't have what it is and still
achieve this look it's just I do it a
little differently that's all so let's
go ahead and get started I guess I
already primed my eye and I just used
the Urban Decay primer potion and eat in
it just acts more like a concealer
leaving your skin tone out so the fourth
first color that we are going to use
when it is this color called money it is
my absolute favorite color your little
the liner's hope you can see that it's
kind of like a gray green and that goes
all over the lid
okay no I to wipe my brush off because i
use the same brush this just more
convenient that way I could get out more
and more brushes but it's no point next
color we're gonna use is this bright
green color push I think it's what it's
called and I'd like to use that on the
middle of the eye to the outside load it
up I follow the my fake crease a little
bit and all that does is adds more
dimension to the color you don't have to
do a second green color if you don't
want to the last color is a dark green
color you could use black if you want
him it's called loaded whoops called
loaded it's very very pretty dark green
color and that will be for my crease
color always just dip it in load up the
tip relax my face and follow my hood
and then connect it
at this point you can I just want to
blend it down
will that take a blending brush and I
blend it out add some more right here
pretty much making this part dark okay
next thing you want to do is take that
dark green or your black whatever decide
to do and kind of fill in until the
halfway part of your eye underneath so
it's kind of like you're lining good as
adding more dimension that's all if you
ever seen anything that I do that you
don't like obviously you do not have to
do it okay and then what you also want
to do is take your first lid color which
is the money color and put it on the
others other half down here you have two
different degrees of hooding go back and
make sure that the same the dark colors
with the same height on your eyes when
your eyes relaxed so I always have to
double check that it looks pretty good
and then I take my liner and color on
the waterline
and then since this is a nighttime monk
I'm going to go all the way across on
the bottom for me the steeped with
cleaning an excuse me
and this is the complete look hope you
guys enjoyed that and I'll talk to you
later